<config/docker>: use cloud sql in place of container-based postgres (#4)
pycontw/pycontw-infra-scripts: data_team/metabase_server/README.md

> [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com/) is an open-source business intelligence tool adopted by PyCon TW Data Team to track cross-year conference data. The docker-compose script handles four services:

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
[Metabase](https://www.metabase.com/) is an open-source business intelligence tool adopted by PyCon TW Data Team to track cross-year conference data. The docker-compose script handles several services, as listed below:
```

- `metabase`: The Metabase server.

>     - `postgres`: The database storing the data used by the Metabase server. Please get the public IP of our GCP cloud SQL and place it into [docker-compose.yml](./docker-compose.yml) 's `MB_DB_HOST`

Author: updated instruction here
